Now with that out of the way implement the following based on the clients requirements

Content Masking and Access Control." It involves masking sensitive or restricted information—such as vulgar words, contact details (email, address), and job posting placeholders (titles, job details)—for free users. This helps prevent abuse by ensuring that only authorized users (e.g., those with premium access) can view or interact with these details, while maintaining compliance and protecting privacy.

Job Feeds Notification (Job Alerts, Resume Alerts, Reminders , Messages, Announcement:
Job Feeds Notification subscription must function properly on this phase, with decent HTML templates for email notifications to provide users with the latest job listings.

Job Seeker Dashboard: Allow users to hide/unhide sensitive information, activate/deactivate or delete their accounts for data privacy compliance.
Include a section for Telegram account integration in each dashboard user. including premium access for jobseekers.
The dashboard should be user-friendly while capturing all required information. A sample figure and details have been provided.

Implement sub-account management under Employer Admin with code-based activation. I’ll provide the roles and types for sub-accounts, which will also have roles in the ATS.

Employer Feedback with Star Scoring (Similar to Indeed):

Integrating an employer feedback system with a star rating is an excellent feature. This will allow users to gauge the reputation of companies based on key factors such as compensation, company culture, salary, and people management. By providing transparency, both employers and jobseekers will benefit, as it helps jobseekers make informed decisions and encourages employers to enhance their workplace environment and practices. It is amazing to see threads that really helps a lot in real world to initiate changes. However, control and restrictions must also apply to control unwanted comments.

A. User Types:

Super Admin
Employer Admin
Sub-account Types (Staff)
Vendors (External Recruiter/Referrers) and Customers (Internal hiring manager or participants (limited access, e.g., download, upload, view, notation only in ATS flow)
Access credits based on the subscription plan’s credit, shared across all staff sub-users within one account.
Job Seeker

B. Employer Types

Local
• Direct Employer
• Private Employment Agency (PEA)
• D.O. 174 Contracting
• Private Security Agency (PSA)
• Government Jobs (Just in case)

Abroad

• Recruitment Agency (Land-based)
• Manning Agency (Sea-Based)
• DMW Jobs (Government to Government -Just in case)

*Super Admin Capabilities:

Customization: Create and manage Resume Contact View Credits, AI Credits (Open AI later), Add-Ons, and pricing, with full control over bundles and services.
Sub-user Creation: Ability to create sub-user Super Admins with complete role, access, and restriction control.
User Management: CRUD (Create, Read, Update, Delete) access for creating users in the backend dashboard. In the second phase, ensure Super Admin control is clear and functional.
Resume Export and Sharing" or "Resume Management and Export". It allows super admin and sub-account admin to create, select, edit, delete, convert, download, and share resumes in various formats (PDF, CSV) within the ATS (Applicant Tracking System) and user dashboard.
The ability to add various accounts on the job site is essential as it gives me the flexibility to populate the site with relevant data as needed.
It's great to see that we have a basic dashboard for the Superadmin. Now, we just need to enhance the backend controls with the database. It would also be helpful to incorporate the ability to create reminders, send them to the site, and monitor free, paid, and expiring accounts. Additionally, we need to manage all access and restrictions, especially for resume contact view credits, AI token credits, and bundle creation in the subscription.

Employer Admin (Client) Capabilities:

Employer Main User Admin
Employers can purchase Add-Ons but must maintain a minimum basic subscription fee to customize their subscription bundle. This ensures commitment and prevents abuse of the system.
Service Selection: Choose services based on budget but must maintain a basic subscription fee for customization.
Add-Ons and Credits: Purchase add-on features, credits, and sub-user accounts (code-based activation).
Manage Sub-accounts: Manage staff, vendors, and customer sub-accounts, setting roles, access, and restrictions according to ATS functionality.
User Management: Add, delete, or edit sub-users, set access limits and credits. Full control of the main account for security purposes.

Sub-user Staff Accounts (under a single main Employer User):

ATS Access: Sub-users can use ATS and its features, with functionality matching the main Employer User but subject to the limits of credits and access restrictions provided by the main user.

Now implement it and ensure its functional and properly addressed!

btw for the ATS part just make a placeholder for that one i will giveu the details after ur done implementing the damn required functions

finally ensure that the color scheme will be the same and that there will be no Light Color or white color schemes in the new UI parts of the frontend and also ensure all of them will be functional and not Buggy nor Errory


# Email Configuration (SMTP)
EMAIL_FROM="noreply@getgethired.com"
EMAIL_FROM_NAME="GetGetHired"
SMTP_HOST="smtp.gmail.com"
SMTP_PORT="587"
SMTP_USER="your-email@gmail.com"
SMTP_PASS="your-app-password"